# FKPayroll Design

This Repository contains Java Code implementing Payroll for employees.


## Usage
Run the PaymentSystem.java file to start the payroll 

Running the file shows the following options
```shell
Select One of the option

1) Add an Employee
2) Show Employee Detail
3) Delete Employee
4) Increment Time
5) Add timeCard for an Employee
6) Add SalesReceipt for an Employee
7) Modify Employee Pay
8) Closed Session
9) Change Union Charge
10) Save Data
11) Get Data

```

Data of three Employees are already loaded and can be accessed by 

**Enter 11** Get Data function. 
All three employees are of different types. Salaried but not commissioned, Salaried but commissioned and hourly employee. It also shows the date the payroll program will continue from and the name of all employees stored in order employee ID.
 
**Enter 2**.To show the detail of an employee by entering the employee ID. *(Account Balance, Type of Employee, Salary, PayDate)*. Employee ID is autogenerated in an incremental fashion. So the employee ID of three employees is 0,1, and 2 respectively.

**Enter 5** To add a time card for the Hourly employee for that date.

**Enter 6** To add a Sales Receipt for Salaried Employee. (Can be added for all salaried employee but the only commission-based employee gets a commission)

**Enter 4** To Increment Day. In each increment, All employees are checked, if anyone has a payday or union dues suitable changes are made in bank Account Balance.

**Enter 3** To delete an employee from Employee ID

**Enter 7** To modify the salary of Employee by entering Employee ID.


# DataBase
Data is stored in the EmployeeData folder is binaries. To Load data of a previous session. Select option 11, and the code will continue the last session. Load all the employees that were created and all the transactions till the last date stored in the employee account.




### Data Added 

```shell
Employee ID 0
Name of the Employee Mohammed
Member of Union TRUE
Account Balance 0.000000
Pay Day 2020-05-30T23:06:23.599
Payment Mode 0
Employee is Commision based with base Payment of 4000.000000 and Commision of 0.100000

Employee ID 1
Name of the Employee Rohit
Member of Union TRUE
Account Balance 0.000000
Pay Day 2020-05-30T23:06:23.599
Payment Mode 1
Employee is Salary Employee with base Payment of 5000.000000

Employee ID 2
Name of the Employee Prateek
Member of Union FALSE
Account Balance 0.000000
Pay Day 2020-05-15T23:06:23.599
Payment Mode 2
Employee is Hourly Paid at a rate of 15.000000
```
